c:\users\achowdhury\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaceDetectionAccord\FaceDetectionAccord\bin\Debug\FaceDetectionAccord.exe.config
c:\users\achowdhury\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaceDetectionAccord\FaceDetectionAccord\bin\Debug\FaceDetectionAccord.exe
c:\users\achowdhury\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaceDetectionAccord\FaceDetectionAccord\bin\Debug\FaceDetectionAccord.pdb
c:\users\achowdhury\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaceDetectionAccord\FaceDetectionAccord\bin\Debug\Accord.dll
c:\users\achowdhury\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaceDetectionAccord\FaceDetectionAccord\bin\Debug\Accord.Imaging.dll
c:\users\achowdhury\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaceDetectionAccord\FaceDetectionAccord\bin\Debug\Accord.MachineLearning.dll
c:\users\achowdhury\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaceDetectionAccord\FaceDetectionAccord\bin\Debug\Accord.Math.dll
c:\users\achowdhury\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaceDetectionAccord\FaceDetectionAccord\bin\Debug\Accord.Statistics.dll
c:\users\achowdhury\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaceDetectionAccord\FaceDetectionAccord\bin\Debug\Accord.Vision.dll
c:\users\achowdhury\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaceDetectionAccord\FaceDetectionAccord\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
c:\users\achowdhury\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaceDetectionAccord\FaceDetectionAccord\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
c:\users\achowdhury\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaceDetectionAccord\FaceDetectionAccord\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
c:\users\achowdhury\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaceDetectionAccord\FaceDetectionAccord\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\achowdhury\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaceDetectionAccord\FaceDetectionAccord\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.dll
c:\users\achowdhury\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaceDetectionAccord\FaceDetectionAccord\bin\Debug\Accord.xml
c:\users\achowdhury\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaceDetectionAccord\FaceDetectionAccord\bin\Debug\Accord.Imaging.xml
c:\users\achowdhury\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaceDetectionAccord\FaceDetectionAccord\bin\Debug\Accord.MachineLearning.xml
c:\users\achowdhury\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaceDetectionAccord\FaceDetectionAccord\bin\Debug\Accord.Math.xml
c:\users\achowdhury\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaceDetectionAccord\FaceDetectionAccord\bin\Debug\Accord.Statistics.xml
c:\users\achowdhury\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaceDetectionAccord\FaceDetectionAccord\bin\Debug\Accord.Vision.xml
c:\users\achowdhury\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaceDetectionAccord\FaceDetectionAccord\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
c:\users\achowdhury\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaceDetectionAccord\FaceDetectionAccord\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
c:\users\achowdhury\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaceDetectionAccord\FaceDetectionAccord\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
c:\users\achowdhury\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaceDetectionAccord\FaceDetectionAccord\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
c:\users\achowdhury\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaceDetectionAccord\FaceDetectionAccord\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.xml
c:\users\achowdhury\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaceDetectionAccord\FaceDetectionAccord\obj\Debug\FaceDetectionAccord.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\achowdhury\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaceDetectionAccord\FaceDetectionAccord\obj\Debug\FaceDetectionAccord.exe
c:\users\achowdhury\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaceDetectionAccord\FaceDetectionAccord\obj\Debug\FaceDetectionAccord.pdb
